# CS255
DriverPass

### Client
The client of this project was DriverPass, a company with the goal of increasing rates of people passing driving tests by providing resources like lessons and practice tests and giving the ability to reserve driving sessions along with other services through paid packages. They wanted a web application built in hopes to get test scores up after they identified such a significant problem and a gap in the market and resources for testers.

### What I did Well
I would say my most comfortable part of the project was creating the diagrams and especially explaining them for the presentation in a way so people who do not have the technical knowledge I do would understand what I am trying to convey. I think this was my best section because I have had a lot of things explained to me and have had to speak publically often so I remember the big points that I would often look for in a presentation. I used this information to create a sort of formal conversation for the presentation as I have seen this be most effective because it is not so formal that people will get bored, but it is also not so informal that I would come off as trying to waste the client's time.

### What I would change
Though I included it into what I did well, the piece I would be most likely to revise would be one of my diagrams, specifically the class diagram. While I am still happy with how it each of the diagrams turned out, I feel like I could have included a lot more in that diagram specifically. I felt as if I left out many potential relationships and developing concepts like inharitance where one parent class can share its methods with the children classes. This would have probably been most useful when considering the different types of users in the system like customers, driving instructors, or the different types of administration needed.

### User's Needs
This system is designed with the user's desire to learn and utilize the resources they have in order to pass any sort of driving test thrown at them. Just through signing up they get virtually all the resources needed in order to pass any paper test they may get. Paid packages are directed at the user by giving them the ability to get exerience in a vehicle so they are better equipped to tackle the driving test. They would also get access to other types of lessons other than online so it gears towards however the user learns best. It is important to keep the user in mind so they keep coming back to the system and the business can continue to grow to help more people around the country and potentially the world.

### Design Approach
I would say I really focused on keeping the designs of the system as simple as possible to avoid getting stuck in the technicalities that would get ironed out during a true development, implementation, or maintenance phase. This allowed me to convey the message better both to the team that were to be creating a system like this, and the business men that are not as interested in the technical but more interested in what it looks like for the business and the user. As for my future in designing software, I have figured out that I really like use case diagrams and somewhat like the class diagram as well. I like the use case as it gives great general ideas as to what the system is going to do and the class diagram because it gives a great idea as to what the code would look like in terms of relationships between classes and how each class interacts with the other
